unfortunately when you talk about stem activities in the military mine
were very highly classified and I have not been informed that either
work I did has been unclassified I had the wonderful work story that
you would really enjoy about something we did in Vietnam but it was
highly classified and I think remains classified to this day so I
can't tell you that story so we go to my civilian life and see high
performance computing research I was at the Caltech center for advanced
computing research CCR when we were doing advanced computing research
in high performance computing and I was there when we acquired
the Intel paragon drool please see until delta so I was part of the
team that both work on the Intel delta which is one of the first massive
parallel computers and was there when we put the paragon so I
guess I'm very very proud of that work in the field of stem there's
you know Caltech is at the very top people who find out that you either
went to school they are taught there or work here as a researcher
that's that's gonna be the top your career right there